            Take a selfie that describes your personality in one facial expression
            Hand draw a picture of yourself
            Get out there, let’s see you doing something interesting at a party
            What’s your morning coffee or vice drink look like?
            Do your best version of karate in front of A local burger joint
            There’s wild animals out there people, can you spot one?
            Snap a loving pic of you with your parent, guardian, or pet
            Got any old pics from your glory days? Let see em’!
            Reach the beach, write something in the sand for your followers
            What’s your favourite food? We’re interested
            Snap your best pic of the sunrise. Gotta get up early for this one!
            Draw a heart on a rock, broken or in one piece, up to you
            Mow the lawn or shovel your driveway in your best formal attire
            Bake something from scratch and get a friends reaction after eating eat.
            Snap a funny pic of a holiday family dinner
            Plank the world, or anywhere you can
            Snap your best blue steel look!
            Snap a pic of the squad, whoever they are to you
            Announce something important through a pylon
            Get into a pool while looking cool
            We all brush our teeth, let’s see your process!
            We all got that one convenience store we hit up almost daily, what’s yours look like?
            What does your workspace look like? A clean up might be in order before this one!
            Snap a pic of the streets at exactly midnight
            Was your Uber/taxi driver super friendly? Try and get a pic with them for the hunt. Ask permission first!
            Snap a pic of something personal to you
            Create a custom dance to your favourite tune
            Snap a pic of a bad hair day 🧟‍♂️
            It’s 3am, what are you up to?
            Make up a 30 second rap
            Snap a pic of you on a boat
            Snap your best McDonald’s creation. Combine menu items to create a monster!
            Snap a pic of a half moon
            Let’s you you chillin with a mall Santa Claus
            Snap a pic with someone over the age of 80, ask for wisdom while you’re at it.
            Snap a pic of someone or something that has shaped your life
            Hit up a concert, share your experience however it turns out
            Snap a pic of someone eating ice cream
            Statues must be bored, put your arm around one and snap a pic
            Snap a pic of two people hugging while checking their cell phones
            This is a stick up, empty your pockets and snap a pic of the contents
            Snap a pic of you in elevator as if you were trapped
            Dress up as a celebrity your admire
            Whip out an old video or board game you used to play, let’s see you gaming how you were in your prime.
            Film a video of your favourite movie scene
            Snap a pic of a breakfast from a local diner whilst giving a thumbs up. Ye, we said whilst.
            Do the 100 meter dash, solo or with an amigo
            Film a video of a fish in all its glory, swimming aimlessly in a tank
            Snap a pic of someone in a red winter hat
            Crush something in your hand and show us the aftermath
            Snap a pic of you looking like the next big rapper
            Do something for the very first time
            Snap a pic of what your mugshot would look like
            Take a swing on a local playground
            Snap a pic of someone in a uniform
            Find someone on their birthday and give them a bday shoutout post
            Snap a pic of yourself commuting to work or school, whatever that looks like!
            Snap a pic of you with an animal
            Snap a pic of the first red thing you see in your room
            Snap a pic of someone who looks really happy
            Snap a pic of an empty movie theatre (this one might be difficult!)
            Snap a pic of a creepy looking house
            Snap a pic of life, however you see it
            Snap a pic of a place you hang out daily
            Snap a pic of a peace sign made out of candies
            Snap a pic of something vegan you’ve just taken a bite of
            Snap a pic of something from your past
            Snap a pic of some local graffiti
            Snap your best artsy hipster pic
            Snap a pic of something brand new
            Snap a pic of yourself right after something really good happened to you
            Snap a pic of yourself after a long night, whatever that might look like for you
            Snap a pic of an ice cream cone with your finger touching the top
            Snap a pic of you in a winter jacket lookin’ fresh in front of a tanning salon
            Snap a pic of your groceries. Health nut or garbage disposal?
            Snap a pic of yourself after something sketchy happened to you
            Snap your final pic. This ones up to you. Make it count!